hello youtube my name is blade and in
this video I'm going to be going white
whale hunting on Assassin's Creed 4
Black Flag and basically this is the
kind of event where once you spot it it
will go into discover sharing feed
because it is very rare to find white
whales they're really good you can sell
their skins for about 4000 if you want
to buy their skins they're worth twenty
thousand to buy and you need three to
get the whaler outfit so a few tips
whenever doing this make sure you have
rowboat level three
I mean armor level three you will not be
able to do this without the armor at
level three and then you need level
three even either damage for harpoons or
a harpoon storage it will not be
possible to do this if one of those is
at least not level three and if you have
level three for everything and this will
that'll definitely make this much easier
so basically just like any other
harpooning experience you're gonna need
to throw the initial rope harpoon at it
and then basically just chug harpoons at
that will try to hit the head as much as
you possibly can and make sure that
you're always holding back the harpoon
throw to make sure you get the maximum
amount of damage that is the white
whale's tail attack and it can be
prevented if you hit the tail before it
hits you it will do that amount of
damage that you seemed unseen right now
every time and I believe you can only
survive at about four times so you want
to make sure you get the whale kill
before it hits you four times
that was actually a mess-up right there
and this happens every time you re throw
the rope on it it will basically make
you stagger and just try to make sure
you're getting as close to the head as
you possibly can but you also want to be
able to be ready to aim for the tail
like right there whenever he's going to
attack you and you'll be able to stay on
him for one more shot and then he goes
underwater
and now once he's underwater you got a
way for him to come back up and I'm not
gonna lie that scared the crap out of me
the first time so basically what you've
just seen is he comes up and attacks you
that only happens whenever your harpoon
level is at strength level too I believe
that once it's at level three whenever
you attack the tail it'll prevent the
whale from actually coming up like that
at least that's what I've read on IGN I
do not know for sure because I only have
harpoon level strength to so I really
can't test that out myself I could be
wrong on that just saying and basically
you just want to continue attacking the
whale chugging those harpoons at it it's
gonna become very tiresome as you can
see I've already thrown 20 harpoons at
it and at least it's in the red and
please for the love of God do not try
doing this without with the only harpoon
level one it is impossible to do this
with harpoon strength level one you will
never do any damage to this whale as you
can see that was I believe the third
attack it made on me and I am almost
dead so it's either three or four
attacks either four or five attacks I
mean and the whale will take you out
regardless of however much armor you
have if you only have row boat level
over to that it will take down the third
hit
all right so after it gets that big hit
on you you want to continue to make sure
you keep chugging those harpoons at it
trying to hit as close to the head as
you possibly can
do not even worry about going for the
tail shot on this because if he gets
ready to attack you with the tail you're
going to die just keep going for head
shots as possible as much as possible
and hopefully you get the lucky shot
like I did and you kill this big white
whale I just love how absolutely amazing
this thing looks remember you're picking
it up on the boat that thing is huge and
basically if you want to see the
location I found my white whale at I'll
go into the map real quick and that is
the specific location thanks for
watching the video